my name is dr. Troy Don I'm a Doctor of
Chiropractic right here Rancho Cucamonga
we've been helping patients who are
suffering with low back pain and neck
pain for over 10 years now as a child I
was injured in sports accident playing
soccer so we sought chiropractic and
after two very simple visits the
adjustment of the spine was quite
powerful and helping me to get back on
the field without pain that's when the
seed was planted in my mind that hey
being a chiropractor is pretty powerful
I'm dr. Ian porterfield I'm a Doctor of
Chiropractic here in Rancho Cucamonga
our focus here at advanced health source
is to really help people get feeling
better without drugs and surgery what I
like to say is if you're sick and tired
of being sick and tired this is the
place to come we can help you I just
suffered I suffered in pain and I was
tired of that I was tired of the aches
and pains I was tired of sleeping at
night and waking up in the middle of the
night and not getting a good night's
sleep the pro adjuster is an amazing
machine it is state-of-the-art some days
I've come in with back aches where I
could barely walk and after an
adjustment that just takes five or ten
minutes I've been able to walk out of
here with no pain the way we treat the
patient depends greatly on the condition
that they have everything depends upon
the diagnosis if they have a herniated
disc for example we'd use something
called spinal decompression if however
they have back pain as a result of
misalignment of a vertebra then we'd use
something like the pro adjuster if
however they have injury due to their
muscles from an accident or an injury
and sports and we want to reduce that
inflammation or muscle damage that we
use something like cold laser or
low-level energy laser dr. Don
recommended that I do the decompression
and so I thought okay let's try it and
it was a six-week period of going on to
the machine and all they were going to
be doing was stretching me out I believe
it was a 30-minute period four days a
week and I thought that's perfect no
surgery no cutting I ended up feeling so
much better after the third we
and now I am able to stand sit exercise
bent over I still pick up my kids which
I probably shouldn't do but I feel no
pain so it was the best thing that I
could have done you know every single
patient comes in the office they're all
different you can have a patient that
has neck pain and another page that his
neck pain they are not the same patient
they're going to respond different they
have different symptoms they have a
different mechanism maybe of injury it's
fun to see these new patients because
every single new patient is a new
challenge
you